How dare you hit Mrs. Zhan Shuai
I'm sorry, Mrs. Zhan Shuai
I'm blind
And you little bitch
Even Mr. Zhan Shuai wants to marry me
No matter how beautiful you are, what's the use of it?
Not yet my underlings
Are you marrying your handsome man?
I don't envy you, I don't envy me looking at you
You must be jealous to death
Lord Qingfeng, I will accept this betrothal gift first
sister
Ah, why are you here too?
I naturally have my business here
He is the handsome man
The Luo Army welcomes the warriors
I am willing to forgive my sins for the king
Between you and me
Don't be so polite
Believe in Lord Zhan Shuai to come to Kyoto
Why didn't you notify
Lord Zhan Shuai has his own personal affairs to deal with
Inconvenient to notify
Am I going to break the rules of adults?
What is the personal matter of Mr. Zhan Shuai?
I can help later
Lord Zhan Shuai proposed to the daughter next door
Can you help?
You are the handsome man
You proposed to me